__END__

=head1 NAME

appname - Description of application's purpose

=head1 VERSION

This documentation refers to appname version 0.0.1.

=head1 USAGE

    perl appname filename

Brief but working examples showing most common usage...

=head1 ARGUMENTS

A complete list of every argument that must appear on the command line when
the application is invoked, explaining what each one of them does, any
restrictions on where each one may appear (i.e., flags that must appear before
or after filenames), and how the various arguments and options may interact
(e.g., mutual exclusions, required combinations, etc.)

If all of the application's arguments are optional, this section may be
omitted entirely.

=over 4

=item I<filename>

Path to the input file.

=back

=head1 OPTIONS

A complete list of every available option with which the application can be
invoked, explaining what each does, and listing any restrictions, or
interactions.

If the application has no options, this section may be omitted entirely.

=over 4

=item B<-v>, B<--verbose>

Show verbose output.

=back

=head1 DESCRIPTION

A full description of the application and its features.  May include numerous
subsections (=head2, =head3, etc.)

=head1 DIAGNOSTICS

A list of every error and warning message that the application can generate
(even the ones that will "never happen"), with a full explanation of each
problem, one or more likely causes, and any suggested remedies.  If the
application generates exit status codes (e.g., under Unix), then list the exit
status associated with each error.

=head2 Error Messages

=over 4

=item B<missing foobar>

The magic smoke has escaped.

=back

=head1 CONFIGURATION AND ENVIRONMENT

A full explanation of any configuration system(s) used by the application,
including the names and locations of any configuration files, and the meaning
of any environment variables or properties that can be set.  These
descriptions must also include details of any configuration langauge used.

=head2 Configuration Files

=over 4

=item F<$HOME/.module.conf>

=back

=head2 Environment Variables

=over 4

=item B<$PATH>

Tells us where to find executables.

=item B<$HOME>

Where do we live?

=back

=head1 DEPENDENCIES

A list of all the modules that this application relies upon, including any
restrictions on versions, and an indication of whether these required modules
are part of the standard perl distribution, part of the application's
distribution, or must be installed separately.

=over 4

=item L<Net::Wake>

=back

=head1 INCOMPATIBILITIES

A list of any modules that this application cannot be used in conjunction
with.  This may be due to name conflicts in the interface, or competition for
system or program resources, or due to internal limitations of Perl (for
example, many modules that use source code filters are mutually incompatible).

=over 4

=item L<Evil::Module>

If this application is used with L<Evil::Module> installed, things will blow up.

=back

=head1 BUGS AND LIMITATIONS

A list of known problems with the module, together with some indication of
whether they are likely to be fixed in an upcoming release.

Also a list of restrictions on the features the module does provide: data
types that cannot be handled, performance issues and the circumstances in
which they may arise, practical limitations on the size of data sets, special
cases that are not (yet) handled, etc.

The initial documentation usually just has:

There are no known bugs in this application.
Please report problems to Mark Shroyer <code@markshroyer.com>.
Patches are welcome.

=head1 SEE ALSO

A list of other especially relevant scripts or applications belonging to the
same distribution, if applicable.

=over 4

=item L<otherappname>

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Mark Shroyer <code@markshroyer.com>

=head1 LICENSE AND COPYRIGHT

